
Mr. and Mrs. Dursle lived at Number Four Tees Street, and they always proudly declared that they were, thank God, perfectly normal people. You'd never expect them to get into any strange or mysterious situations. Mr. and Mrs. Dursle disapproved of all oddities, mysteries, and other nonsense. Mr. Dursle was the head of a firm called Grannings, which specialized in the manufacture of drills. He was a fat man with a very puffy mustache and a very short neck. As for Mrs. Dursle, she was a skinny blonde with a neck almost twice as long as it should be for her height. However, this disadvantage came in handy, for most of the time Mrs. Dursle was watching and eavesdropping on her neighbors' conversations. And with a neck like hers, it was very handy to peep over other people's fences. Mr. and Mrs. Dursle had a little son named Dudley, and, in their opinion, he was the most wonderful child in the world. The Dursle family had everything they could wish for. But they also had one secret. And more than anything, they were afraid that someone would find out about it. The Dursleys couldn't imagine what would happen to them if the truth about the Potters ever came out. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursle's own sister, but they hadn't seen each other in years. Mrs. Dursle even pretended that she didn't have a sister at all, because her sister and her worthless husband were the exact opposite of the Dursels. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters came to Yew Street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters also had a young son, but they had never seen him. And they absolutely did not want their Dudley to interact with the child of such parents. When Mr. and Mrs. Dursle awoke on a dull, gray Tuesday morning - which is where our story begins - nothing, including the cloud-covered sky, suggested that strange and mysterious things would soon begin to happen across the country. Mr. Dursle was humming something to himself, tying the most hideous of ties. And Mrs. Dursle, with difficulty seating the struggling and screaming Dudley in the high child's chair, was happily smiling to tell her husband the latest gossip. Neither of them noticed a great jay owl flying past the window. At half past nine Mr. Dursle took his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursle on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye, but he missed, for Dudley went into a rage, which happened to him quite often. He rocked back and forth in his chair, deftly fished the porridge out of his plate and spilled it all over the walls. - Wow, you're my baby," Mr. Dursle said with a laugh as he left the house. He got in his car and drove out of the yard. On the street corner, Mr. Dursle noticed that something strange was going on - a cat was standing on the sidewalk, scrutinizing the map in front of it. At first Mr. Dursle didn't even realize what he was seeing, but then, as he passed the cat, he slowed down and looked around sharply. There was indeed a striped cat on the corner of Yew Street, but no map in sight. - What a vision! - Mr. Dursle muttered. Perhaps the gloomy morning and the dim lamplight were to blame. Mr. Dursle closed his eyes just in case, then opened them and stared at the cat. And the cat stared at him. Mr. Dursle turned away and drove on, continuing to watch the cat in the rearview mirror. He noticed that the cat was reading a sign that said "Yew Street." No, of course not reading, he hastily corrected himself, but just looking at the sign. After all, cats can't read - nor can they study maps. Mr. Dursle shook his head and tried to throw the cat out of it. And as his car drove toward London from the suburbs, Mr. Dursle thought about the big drill order he hoped to get today. But as he drove up to London, the drills that had filled his head flew out of there in a flash, because, caught in the usual morning car traffic and looking around from nothing to do, Mr. Dursle noticed that there were many very oddly dressed people in the streets. People in robes. Mr. Dursle couldn't stand people dressed in ridiculous clothes, take for example the young people of today, who walked around in who knows what! And now these, dressed up in some stupid fashion. Mr. Dursle drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. His eyes fell on the odd-looking men huddled nearby, whispering excitedly to one another. Mr. Dursle was furious to see that some of them were not young at all - to think that one of the men looked even older than him, and had taken the liberty of donning an emerald green robe! What a type! But then it occurred to Mr. Dursle that these obscure individuals were probably just collecting donations or something... And so it was! The cars standing in traffic finally pulled off, and a few minutes later Mr. Dursle pulled into the parking lot of the Grannings firm. His head was once again full of drills. Mr. Dursle's office was on the ninth floor, where he always sat with his back to the window. If he had preferred to sit facing the window, he probably would have had trouble concentrating on the drills this morning. But he sat with his back to the window and didn't see the owls flying by - to think, owls flying not at night, when they were supposed to, but in broad daylight! And that's not to say that owls are forest birds, and they don't live in cities, especially big ones like London. In contrast to Mr. Dursle, the people in the street could see the owls flying past them one by one, and they opened their mouths wide with amazement and pointed their fingers at them. Most of these people had never seen an owl in their lives, not even at night. All in all, Mr. Dursle was having a pretty normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at the five subordinates, made a few important calls, and raised his voice several times to his telephone interlocutors. So he was in a great mood-until he decided to stretch his legs a little and buy himself a muffin at the bakery across the street. Mr. Dursle had already forgotten about the men in robes and had no recollection of them until he ran into a group of strange types not far from the bakery. He could not understand why the mere sight of them made him uneasy. These types were also whispering excitedly, and he didn't notice any donation mugs in their hands. As he came out of the bakery with a bag containing a large doughnut, Mr. Dursle was again forced to walk past these strange individuals, and at that moment he heard, quite by accident, -... yes, that's right, it's the Potters, that's what I've been told... -... yes, their son, Harry... Mr. Dursle froze. His breath caught. He felt a wave of fear come over him. He looked back at the whispering types, as if he wanted to say something to them, but then he changed his mind. Mr. Dursle dashed across the street, hurried up to his office, barked at his secretary not to be disturbed, picked up the telephone receiver, and was about to dial the penultimate digit of his home number, when suddenly he changed his mind and put the receiver back on the lever. Then he began stroking his mustache, thinking to himself. No, of course it was stupid. Potter wasn't such a rare last name. Mr. Dursle easily convinced himself that there are plenty of families in England who bear the surname Potter and have a son named Harry. And he can't even say with absolute certainty that his nephew's name is Harry. He had never seen the boy. It is quite possible that his name is Gary. Or Harold. Anyway, Mr. Dursle decided that he had no need to bother Mrs. Dursle at all, especially since she was always terribly upset when it came to her sister. Mr. Dursle did not reproach his wife-if he had had a sister like Mrs. Dursle, he would have. But still, these people in robes and what they were talking about were all strange. After the doughnut hike, Mr. Dursle found it much harder to concentrate on his drills. As he left the firm building at five p.m., he was so excited that as he walked out the door, he didn't notice a man walking by and bumped into him. - Excuse me," he muttered, seeing the little old man stagger and almost fall over. It took Mr. Dursle a few seconds to realize that the old man was wearing a purple robe. By the way, the old geezer was not at all upset that he had almost been knocked down. On the contrary, he smiled widely and said in a squeaky voice that made passersby turn around: "Do not apologize, my dear lord, even if you dropped me, today I would not be upset. Rejoice, because You-Know-Who is finally gone! Even muggles like you should have a feast on this most happy day! With those words, the old man wrapped both arms around Mr. Dursle somewhere around his stomach, squeezed him tightly, and walked away. Mr. Dursle was literally stuck to the ground. To think he had been hugged by a complete stranger! Not only that, he was called some kind of muggle. Whatever that word meant, Mr. Dursle was stunned. And when he finally managed to move out of his seat, he walked briskly toward the car, hoping that everything that had happened today was nothing more than a figment of his imagination. Though Mr. Dursle was extremely negative about imagination and its fruits. As he turned off Yew Street onto the driveway leading to Number Four, he immediately spotted the familiar striped cat. His mood plummeted. Mr. Dursle had no doubt that it was the same cat - it had the same coloring and the same strange spots around its eyes. Now the cat was sitting on the fence separating his house and garden from the neighbors. - Scoot! - Mr. Dursle said loudly. But the cat did not move. What's more, it looked at Mr. Dursle very sternly, so that he even thought, "Maybe cats always behave like that." Then, gathering his courage, he entered the house, while insisting to himself that he should by no means tell his wife about anything. For Mrs. Dursle it was, as usual, a very pleasant day. At dinner she willingly told Mr. Dursle that their neighbor had a serious problem with her daughter, and finally informed him that Dudley had learned a new word, "Hatchoo!" Mr. Dursle tried his best to behave as usual. When Mrs. Dursle put Dudley to bed, Mr. Dursle kissed him, said good night, and went into the living room to turn on the television. One of the channels was just finishing up the evening news. "And to conclude our issue about the strange behavior of owls throughout England. Although owls usually hunt at night and hardly ever show themselves during the day, today there were hundreds of reports from people who had seen owls flying haphazardly in various parts of the country since dawn. Experts can't explain why the owls decided to change their daily routine. - Here the announcer allowed himself a smirk. - Very mysterious. And now I turn it over to Jim McGuffin with his weather report. Do you think, Jim, there won't be any more rain from the owls tonight?" "I don't know, Ted. - The weatherman appeared on the screen. - However, it wasn't just the owls that were behaving unusually tonight. Our viewers from as far away as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee in England called to tell me that instead of the rain I promised last night, they had a real starfall! Perhaps someone was setting off fireworks for the upcoming holiday. Although the holiday is still a week away. And as for the weather - tonight promises to be rainy..." Mr. Dursle froze in his chair. Shooting stars, owls in broad daylight, strange people in robes. And then there was the incomprehensible whispering about those Potters... Mrs. Dursle entered the living room with two cups of tea. And Mr. Dursle felt his resolve not to tell his wife anything. He realized that at least he would have to tell her something. And he coughed nervously. - Э... Petunia, darling... Have you not heard from your sister in a long time? As he had expected, Mrs. Dursle gave a look of surprise, and then anger appeared on her face. After all, they usually pretended that she had no sister. So this reaction to Mr. Dursle's question was understandable. - A long time ago! - Mrs. Dursle cut her off. - Why do you ask? - They were saying all sorts of mysterious things on the news," Mr. Dursle muttered. Despite the vast difference in size, he was still afraid of his wife, and she was the mistress of the house. - Owls... shooting stars... crowds of strangely dressed people walking around the city... - So? - Mrs. Dursle interrupted him in a harsh tone. - Well, I thought... Maybe... Maybe it had something to do with... Well, you know... With people like her... Mrs. Dursle pursed her lips and put her cup to her mouth. And Mr. Dursle wondered if he would dare tell his wife that he had heard the name Potter today. And he decided that he wouldn't dare. Instead he said, as if in passing, "Their son - he's Dudley's age, isn't he? - I suppose he is. - Mrs. Dursle's voice was as cold as ice. - What was his name again? Harold, isn't it? - Harry. A nasty, common people's name, if you ask me. - Oh, of course it is. - Mr. Dursle felt his heart go pitter-patter. - I couldn't agree with you more. Mr. Dursle did not return to the subject, not when they finished their tea, nor when they got up and went upstairs to the bedroom. But as soon as Mrs. Dursle went to the bathroom, Mr. Dursle opened the window and looked out into the garden. The cat was still sitting on the fence, looking outside, as if waiting for someone. Mr. Dursle asked himself if he had imagined all the things he had encountered today. And if not, could it all have something to do with the Potters? If it is -- and if it turns out that they, the Dursleys, have anything to do with these Potters... No, Mr. Dursle wouldn't stand for that. The Dursleys went to bed. Mrs. Dursle fell fast asleep, and Mr. Dursle lay awake, remembering everything he had seen and heard that day. And the very last thought that visited him before he fell asleep was a very pleasant one: even if the Potters were really connected with everything that had happened today, there was absolutely no reason for them to show up on Tees Street. Besides, the Potters knew very well how he and Petunia felt about them... So Mr. Dursle told himself that neither he nor Petunia would allow themselves to be dragged into the weirdness going on around them. Mr. Dursle was deeply mistaken, but he didn't know it yet. The long-awaited and restless sleep had already taken Mr. Dursle into its arms, and the cat sitting on his fence was not going to sleep at all. It sat as motionless as a statue, staring unblinkingly toward the end of Yew Street. She did not even move when the car door slammed loudly on the next street, nor did she blink an eye when two owls flew over her head. It was around midnight when the petrified cat finally came to life. At the far end of the street, just where the cat had been staring, a man appeared. He appeared suddenly and silently, as if he had risen from the ground or appeared out of thin air. The cat's tail twitched from side to side, and her eyes narrowed. No one on Tees Street had ever seen this man. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard-so long it could be tucked behind his belt. He wore a long cloak, over which he draped a mauve robe sweeping the ground, and on his feet he wore high-heeled boots adorned with buckles. The eyes behind the tinted glasses were blue, very lively and bright and sparkling, and the nose was very long and crooked, as if it had been broken at least twice. The man's name was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore seemed completely unaware that he appeared on a street where he was not welcome - not welcome for anything to do with him, from his name to his shoes. However, he didn't seem to be bothered by this and was rummaging through the pockets of his robes, trying to find something. He clearly felt that he was being followed, because he suddenly looked up and looked at the cat looking at him from across the street. Strangely enough, the sight of the cat cheered him up. - It was to be expected," he muttered, grinning. Finally in his inside pocket he found what he was looking for. It was an object that looked like a silver lighter. Albus Dumbledore flipped off the silver cap, picked up the lighter, and flicked it. The streetlight closest to him immediately went out with a soft pop. He flicked the lighter again, and the next lantern plunged into darkness. After twelve clicks, everything on Tees Street went out except two distant, tiny, prickly lights - the eyes of the cat that had been watching Dumbledore. And if anyone had looked out of their window at that moment - even Mrs. Dursle, whose beady eyes could not escape anything - that person would not have been able to see what was happening outside. Dumbledore shoved his lighter - or rather, his extinguisher - back into the inner pocket of his cloak and moved toward house number four. And when he reached it, he sat down on the fence next to the cat and, without even looking at it, said, "Strange to see you here, Professor McGonagall. He smiled and turned to the striped cat, but it had already disappeared. In her place, sitting on the fence was a rather stern-looking woman wearing glasses, the shape of which was oddly similar to the marks around the cat's eyes. The woman also wore a robe, only an emerald robe. Her black hair was in a tight knot at the back of her head. She looked annoyed. - How did you recognize me? - she asked. - My dear Professor, I never saw a cat so still in all my life. - If you become immobile, you'll be sitting on a brick wall all day," retorted Professor McGonagall. - A whole day? While you might have been celebrating with the others? I witnessed at least a dozen parties and parties on the way here. Professor McGonagall snorted angrily. - Oh, yes, indeed, everyone is celebrating," she said grudgingly. - It would seem that they should have been a little more careful. But no - even the Muggles noticed that something was going on. They were talking about it on the news. - She nodded her head sharply toward the dark window behind which was the Dursleys' living room. - I heard. Swarms of owls... Shooting stars... Well, they're not complete idiots. They had to have seen something. And to think, stargazing in Kent! I don't doubt it was Dedalus Dingle. He's never been very clever. - "You mustn't accuse them," said Dumbledore gently. - We have had far too few occasions to have any fun in the last eleven years. - I know." There was a hint of irritation in Professor McGonagall's voice. - But that does not excuse those who have lost their heads. Our people are behaving completely recklessly. They appear in the streets in broad daylight, gathering in crowds, exchanging rumors. And it doesn't even occur to them to dress like Muggles. She glanced at Dumbledore with her scratchy eyes as if hoping he would say something back, but Dumbledore was silent and she continued: - It would be just perfect if on the very day that You-Know-Who finally disappeared, the Muggles knew of our existence. By the way, I hope he really has disappeared, isn't that right, Dumbledore? - Quite obviously he has," he replied. - So it really is a festive day. Would you like a lemon slice? -What? -Sugared lemon slice. It's the sort of thing Muggles like to eat. - No, thank you. - Professor McGonagall's voice was very cold, as if she didn't think it was a good time to eat lemon wedges at all - So, I was left thinking that even if You-Know-Who did disappear... - My dear professor, it seems to me that you are reasonable enough to call him by his first name. It's all nonsense - You-Know-Who, You-Not-Know-Who... For eleven years I've been trying to convince people that they shouldn't be afraid to say his real name, Voldemort. Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, absorbed by the need to separate the two sticky lemon slices, didn't seem to notice. - In my opinion, there's a terrible confusion when we say You-Know-Who," he continued. - I've never understood why we should be afraid to say Voldemort's name. -Yes, yes, of course. - The annoyance in the professor's voice wonderfully mingled with adoration. - But you're not like everyone else. Everyone knows that you are the only person You-Know-Who-okay, whom Voldemort feared. - You flatter me," Dumbledore answered calmly. - Voldemort had powers beyond my control. - Only because you are too... too noble to use those powers. - I'm lucky it's night. I haven't blushed this much since Madame Pomfrey told me she liked my new earplugs. Professor McGonagall's gaze darted to Albus Dumbledore. - And compared to the rumors that swirl back and forth, swarms of owls are nothing. Do you know what everyone is talking about? They're wondering why he disappeared. They're wondering what finally stopped him. The impression was that Professor McGonagall was finally talking about the thing that bothered her most, the thing she wanted so badly to discuss, the thing for which she had sat all day like a statue on a cold stone wall. And the boring look she was giving Dumbledore only confirmed that. It was obvious: even though she knew what everyone around her was talking about, she wouldn't believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. But Dumbledore, who was engrossed in the lemon slices, was in no hurry to answer. - They say," Professor McGonagall persisted, "they say that Voldemort appeared in Godric's Hollow last night. That he appeared there because of the Potters. If the rumors are to be believed, Lily and James Potter... Then they're... They are dead... Dumbledore bowed his head, and Professor McGonagall sucked in air frantically - Lily and James... It can't be... I so didn't want to believe it... Oh, Albus... Dumbledore reached out and touched her shoulder. - I understand... - he said bitterly. - I understand you very well. When Professor McGonagall spoke again, her voice trembled. They say he tried to kill the Potters' son, Harry. But he couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, no one knows how it could have happened. But they say that when Voldemort tried to kill Harry Potter, his powers suddenly ran out - and that's why he disappeared. Dumbledore nodded grimly. - Is... is it true? - Stammering, Professor McGonagall asked. - After all he's done... After he's killed so many of us... he couldn't kill a little boy? It's just astonishing... When you think about how many times they tried to stop him... What measures have been taken to stop him... But by what miracle did Harry manage to survive? - We can only speculate," Dumbledore answered. - We may never know the truth. Professor McGonagall took a lace handkerchief out of her pocket and began to wipe the tears from under her glasses. Dumbledore noisily sucked in air with his nose, took a gold watch out of his pocket, and began to stare at it intently. It was a very strange watch. It had twelve hands, but no numbers - instead of numbers there were little planets, and they were not standing still, but rotating in circles nonstop. However, Dumbledore knew exactly what the clock showed, because he slipped it back into his pocket and uttered: - Hagrid is delayed. By the way, I assume he was the one who told you that I would be here? - Yes," Professor McGonagall confirmed. - But I don't suppose you can tell me why you are here? - I'm here to give Harry to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family he has left. - Do you... Do you mean those who live here?! - Professor McGonagall cried out, jumping to her feet and pointing her finger in the direction of house number four. - Dumbledore, you wouldn't do that. I've been watching them all day. You won't find another couple so different from us. And they have a son-I saw his mother carrying him in a stroller, and he was kicking her legs and screaming, demanding to be bought candy. And you want Harry Potter here?! - This is the best place for him," Dumbledore replied firmly. - 'When he grows up, his aunt and uncle can tell him everything. I have written them a letter. - A letter? - Professor McGonagall interrogated very quietly, sitting back down on the fence. - Honestly, Dumbledore, do you really think you can explain everything that happened in a letter? These people will never understand Harry! He will become a celebrity, even a legend-I wouldn't be surprised if today went down in history as Harry Potter Day! Books would be written about him, every kid in the world would know his name! - Quite right," agreed Dumbledore, looking at the professor very seriously over his tinted glasses. - And that would be enough to make any boy's head spin: become famous before he could walk and talk! He won't even remember what it was that made him famous! Don't you see how much better for himself if he lives here, far from our world, until he grows up and is able to cope with his fame? Professor McGonagall hastily opened her mouth to say something harsh, but after changing her mind, she took a deep breath and took a breath. -Yes... Yes, of course you're right. But tell me, Dumbledore, how does the boy get here? She looked closely at his robe, as if it had suddenly occurred to her that he was hiding Harry beneath it. - Hagrid will bring him in. - Do you think it's... Do you think it's wise to entrust Hagrid with such an important task? - I would trust him with my life," Dumbledore replied simply. - I do not question his loyalty to you," reluctantly grumbled Professor McGonagall. - But you wouldn't deny that he's careless and frivolous. He's... What's that? The muffled peals of thunder broke the silence of the night. The sound grew louder and louder. Dumbledore and McGonagall stared out into the darkened street, searching for the approaching headlight. And when they finally did manage to raise their heads, there was a roar from above, and a huge moped fell from the sky. It landed on Yew Street right in front of them. The moped was of gigantic proportions, but the man on it was even bigger. He was nearly twice the height of an ordinary man and at least five times as wide. Simply put, he was unacceptably large, and he had a savage look as well--a tangled beard and thickets of black hair almost completely hid his face. His hands were the size of garbage can lids, and his leather-booted feet were the size of small dolphins. His giant, muscular arms clutched a bundle of blankets to his chest. - At last, Hagrid. - Dumbledore's voice was distinctly relieved. - Where did you get that moped? - I borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore," the giant replied, cautiously getting off the moped. - From young Sirius Black. And as for the child, I brought him back, sir. - Did everything go smoothly? - Not very well, sir, not a stone's been left unturned in the house. The Muggles noticed it, of course, but I had the baby out before they got there. He fell asleep while we were flying over Bristol. Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall leaned over the rolled-up blankets. Inside, barely visible in that pile of rags, lay a soundly asleep little boy A strange lightning-like cut was visible on his forehead, just below the tuft of blue-black hair. - So this is where... - whispered Professor McGonagall. - Yes," Dumbledore confirmed. - That scar will stay with him for life. - You can do something about it, can't you, Dumbledore? - Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can serve you well. I, for instance, have a scar above my left knee, which is a perfectly accurate diagram of the London Underground. Well, Hagrid, bring the child here, it's time to get this over with. Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned to the Dursley house. - May I... May I say goodbye to him, sir? - Hagrid asked. He bent over the boy, shielding him from the others with his curly head, and kissed the child in a kiss that was very prickly because of the abundance of hair. Then suddenly he howled like a wounded dog. - Shh-shh!" hissed Professor McGonagall. - You'll wake the Muggles! - I-I'm-I'm sorry," sobbed Hagrid, pulling a giant handkerchief covered in muddy stains from his pocket and hiding his face in it. - But I-I-I-I-I just can't stand it. Lily and James are dead, and little Harry, poor thing, will now be living with muggles... - Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but pull yourself together, Hagrid, or we will be discovered," whispered Professor McGonagall, timidly stroking Hagrid on the shoulder. And Dumbledore stepped over the low fence and went to the porch. He gently lowered Harry to the threshold, took a letter from his cloak pocket, slipped it into a blanket, and returned to the couple waiting for him. For a moment all three stood staring at the little bundle, Hagrid's shoulders quivering, Professor McGonagall blinking her eyes furiously, and the glow that always came from Dumbledore's eyes now fading. - Well," said Dumbledore goodbye. - "That's all. There's nothing more for us to do here. We'd better go and join the party. - Yes," said Hagrid in a strangled voice. - I'll just... I think I'll return Sirius Black's moped. Good night to you, Professor McGonagall, and to you, Professor Dumbledore. Wiping tears from his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket, Hagrid climbed onto his moped, revved it up, roared into the sky, and disappeared into the night. - I hope to see you soon, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore and bowed his head. Professor McGonagall only blew her nose instead of answering. Dumbledore turned and walked down the street. At the corner he stopped and took his silver lighter out of his pocket. He flicked it just once, and the twelve lanterns lit up again as if nothing had happened, so that the whole of Yew Street was lit up with orange light. In that light, Dumbledore noticed a striped cat turning the corner at the other end of the street. And then he looked at the bundle lying on the doorstep of house number four. - Good luck, Harry," he whispered, turning on his heels and disappearing, rustling his robe. The wind that blew in on Yew Street ruffled the neatly trimmed bushes, the manicured street slept quietly under an inky sky, and it seemed that if anywhere mysterious things could happen, it was certainly not here. Harry Potter tossed in his sleep in his blankets A small hand fumbled for a letter and clutched it. He continued to sleep, unaware that he was special, that he had become a celebrity. Not knowing that he would wake up hours later to the screaming of Mrs. Dursle, who would open the door before the milkman came to put the empty milk bottles behind her. Unaware that for the next few weeks Cousin Dudley would be pinching and poking him - and for the next few years, too... And he also didn't know that while he slept, people secretly or openly gathered around the country to celebrate the holiday, raising their glasses and saying in whispers or full voice: "To Harry Potter - to the boy who survived!
